my name is Pete Buddha judge and I am
running to be the next host of Jimmy
Kimmel Live now this is a strange night
for us not only because this is my first
time hosting a talk show because we are
doing it without a regular studio
audience due to public health concerns
over the coronavirus we have canceled
the studio audience tonight but a few
kind of Kimmel staffers and some friends
my husband Chaston all here instead
everyone is spread apart at the CDC
recommended distance this was not our
plan we just decided this a few hours
ago and it's disappointing because as
you all know I love to crowd-surf it's
it's kind of my thing
but the experts have told us the best
way to prevent the spread of the virus
is for us to physically stay apart so
that's what we're going to do the only
way we're going to get through this
crisis is with unity so let's do this
together who's with me
full disclosure none of those people are
here but when you don't have a real
audience you have to fake one
just like Trump's inauguration now last
night President Trump addressed the
nation regarding the corona virus
pandemic and he had this message for the
American people if we are vigilant and
we can reduce the chance of infection
which we will we will significantly
impede the transmission of the virus the
rut the virus will not have a chance
against us I agree that this virus is no
match for the American people but for us
to get through this we have to take
immediate action now there is a bill
right now in Congress that would provide
free coronavirus testing for everyone
who needs it paid emergency leave and
unemployment insurance for workers who
are laid off because of the economic
shock so for the good of every worker
every family every community that will
be hurting we need Congress to get that
done
so take a moment call the number on your
screen
tell your Senators and Representatives
now is the time for action
see they're even on board so thanks for
your support Eric Don Jr whoever that
was standing next to you and look I know
this is a time of great anxiety for our
country but believe me when I say that
the resolve of our nation is strong our
ideals run deep and America will always
be America in fact here's some living
proof of that from last night's masked
singer
[Music]
that's gonna be me in three months isn't
it you know a lot of folks are wondering
how I ended up getting booked to host
this show and all I can say is that Iowa
caucus app really screwed everything
[Applause]
actually Jimmy asked me to fill in
because right now he is off taping Who
Wants to Be a Millionaire which is a
game show that Michael Bloomberg 156
thousand times interrupted now some
people have been skeptical about me
hosting a show like this they're like
you're too inexperienced you'll never be
a good late-night host well a lot of
people said I'd never get elected
president and I showed them
well I've been made to feel very welcome
here today and because I never show up
to somebody's home empty-handed
I brought some gifts for the crew truth
is I have a shipping container full of
people president merch that I can't get
rid of so that's right everybody here
got some new threads today but I'm
guessing by your expressions that some
of you may not have voted for me I also
found somebody to take all of the
leftover bumper stickers and buttons off
my hands Guillermo you look great thank
you I feel bad mr. Pete
now I spent most of the day teaching
Guillermo how to pronounce my last name
and I think we finally got it you want
to give it a shot okay all right mr.
Pete Buddha cheese
you know that's better than most people
do go go all right you know I'm also
glad that Jimmy asked me to host tonight
because frankly I've got nothing else
going on as you know I dropped out of
the presidential race last week which
was unfortunate but what can I say some
candidates know when it's time to get
out of the race and some candidates are
Tulsi Gabbard
[Applause]
[Music]
but really running for president was an
amazing experience the support that our
campaign got was unbelievable and I
really thought we had a shot but turns
out I was about 40 years too young and
38 years too gay but I do hope at the
very least my presidential run has
inspired some people I mean right now
somewhere out there in America there
could be a young kid thinking one day I
too can run for president well dressed
like the manager of a car mats they they
write the jokes for me yes you can kid
yes you and although we didn't win we we
did achieve some pretty big milestones
I'm the first gay person ever to win a
presidential primary Oracle
and the first day man in 30 years to
wear pleated pants we all have our
journey I am very excited about our
guests tonight we have music from janae
Aiko featuring the gal from veep Tony
Hale is here and the one and only Sir
Patrick Stewart is going to show it's
gonna be great you will get to see
Captain Picard interviewed by me a guy
who looks like Spock's intern now I have
been a huge Star Trek fan my entire life
and I always thought Patrick Stewart was
so cool because he's in charge of a
fictional space fleet just like Mike
Pence Tony Hale
[Music]
you're here early
yeah yeah I know I felt bad cuz I guess
nobody wanted to come and watch your
show so I thought I'd be a few color no
no it's it's because of the public
public health threat we did this on
purpose
okay okay as I mentioned earlier now
that I'm out of the presidential race
and no longer the mayor of South Bend
I'm actually unemployed right now now
this gig is nice but I've only got it
for another 52 minutes or so luckily
we're right here on Hollywood Boulevard
and opportunity is everywhere so earlier
today I took a walk around the
neighborhood to see if I could scrounge
up some work excuse me
hi hello are you sir good hey you guys
hiring right now uh no sir sorry
[Music]
hi how you doing hi and welcome to
Watson can I get for you
actually it's here to see about the job
opening Oh for that you're gonna have to
speak to Debbie okay great we're gonna
find Debbie what so this guy wants to
apply for a job look let's make it quick
thank you for meeting with me Debbie I'm
very excited about this opportunity what
are your qualifications well I've got
degrees from Harvard and Oxford I speak
several languages served as a navy
intelligence officer and I just won the
Iowa caucuses last one mm-hmm well can
you name all five of our pretzel dips
your what our dipping sauces ranch ranch
I thought you went to Harvard okay
here's a hypothetical let's say you're
handing out samples and someone asks for
a second one what do you say well I
would say that America was founded on an
ideal and you know freedom isn't free
but a pretzel sample should and I
believe that the time has come for us to
build a new kind of politics put aside
our partisan fighting and and unite
around a common goal pretzels for all
who want them
the correct answer is no and then you
show them got it
have you ever twisted dough into knots
uh I have not make me a pretzel okay
[Music]
I'm sorry but I don't think your wetzel
material well isn't there anything I can
do I need work I have one idea samples I
told you to shovel my thanks to Debbie
and one more thing there is a Thursday
night tradition here at the show every
week they bleep and blur moments from TV
whether they need it or not so in honor
of my guest hosting stint tonight they
put together a special Democratic
primary edition of this week in
unnecessary censorship awkward moment
you mentioned came after the debate when
senator Elizabeth Warren seemed to
reject senator Bernie Sanders offer for
a hand the time for small is over my dad
used to say a job is about a lot more
than a paycheck Joey it's about you do I
respect where you're coming from and I
hope to earn your vote but I'm not going
to try to earn your vote by can you
what's your response to them on a good
day my wife so let's let's go
you want to compare and frankly I'm
shocked that you do I am happy to do
that well let's get something straight
here I did pee peace but so no here's
what I believe we should dream big hard
Trump
early
[Applause]
[Music]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it